[Music] [Applause] [Music]
all that English
[Applause] [Music]
oh yeah welcome to the season finale
of Lady Babylon tonight is our second and final Bible study that we skipped
and now we're gonna slide into the finale and it's a big end that we're coming to
I want to I'm so proud to be able to bring to you tonight the name Satan I'm
so proud to be able to bring this to you unfortunately you know how it is guys in
order to get there we're gonna have to cut through some people we're gonna have to hack and slash we're gonna have to
purify bring in those demons fill the whole place with sulfur you know how it
goes this place needs a Shakedown tonight on lady Babylon
foreign [Music]
tastic I want to get right into it with a couple of comments I just wanna we have a good and a bad a good and a bad
so I want to bring those Chewie hit us with the good let's see the good I like
the good best always like that good news first um this is from Valerie Moore such
passion Chewie where do you get the images you are awesome you have the
receipts let's get rid of the lies and deceits the deceit they preach the more I want you the more my eyes are opening
thank you so much I am privileged we're all privileged with you teaching this
knowledge thank you very very much Valerie that's the nicest thing in the world and um Chewie wanted me to also
say thanks and let you know that these images are coming to you all
from the wiki source so yeah um love it love it
um we're staying within a our realm and it's nice to know thank you it's nice to
know that the evidence is getting out there right channels open radio's on fantastic let's
get the bad now bring the bed quick oh this one I pulled up this bad I
pulled up from a podcast by John Price Dr John Price sacred
speaks yeah and I just I miss these comments I haven't got any of these lately and I'm really missing them so
this is from uh to Collins uh when Yeshua comes back you will
regret these words yes yes
oh Yeshua who's this guy Yeshua I keep hearing
about to be honest I look for him I can't find him anywhere but
um okay fantastic let's jump into it tonight I want to set your mind remember
last time we didn't come back from our trip right we didn't come back we're
still we left that capsule going that Space Capsule is running and we stuck ourselves boom we stuck ourselves in the
second century stuck ourselves there tonight in order to find Satan in order
for us to be able to say okay this is this is our Museum we're not giving it
back to you people we don't care where you're from we don't care what you think we don't care what your theories are
we're going to keep this museum is ours okay so tonight I want to set you in
that place with this first video that we're gonna watch
um and kick him in subliminal light speed Chewie um on my mark hit it
the days that used to be [Music]
understanding all along wondering where the years of my life
have long oh I wonder if you ever think of me
or if time's blooded out your memory
as I listened to the breeze or spur gently through the trees I always
cherish what you meant to me [Music]
thinking about the days that used to be [Music]
I am a mountain standing all along I'm
wondering where the years of my life have long yeah well I'm a wondering where the
years of my life have long [Music]
so we're looking for Satan and tonight you know where we're gonna start did you
see did somebody as they open the door you didn't see who it hit right um we're gonna go to Docker Lane pagles
let's go to the the very first uh yep there you go
um look this is uh etymologic definition right we're trying to find out what is
who what is Satan what it's a proper name right of the Supreme evil spirit
I'll take that with a sour cream please and great adversary humanity and Christianity
okay right away um uh okay I thought it was just a Greek
word I'm just looking for that area Old English say well you guys are not going back far enough right late Latin Satan
right and Vulgate in the Old Testament only from Greek satanas
from Hebrew Satan adversary wait wait wait minute wait
what did we do we skip from Hebrew into Greek into Latin into English and
into what you and I are talking about right now how do we get on this pathway guys I'm sorry I didn't talk to the tour
guide this is a I'm gonna write this down because I don't like being here any more than you do
okay um from the Hebrew really give me that chord up again and maybe we can find out
who's behind this tour oh look it's Elaine pagels on the origin of Satan let me guess
there's book there's an article there's something something bring me back something that
involves the exchange of currency whether it's money
or whether it's fame or whether it's academic bragging rights
yes some kind of currency is being exchanged give us the lanes wisdom
in biblical sources the Hebrew term the Satan describes an
adversarial role it is not the name of a particular character although Hebrew storytellers
as early as the 6th Century BCE occasionally introduces supernatural character whom they call Satan
okay now wait a minute um you're oh so Elaine you have sixth Century Hebrew sources
wait wait wait what's that wait where's can you feel this
Ryan can you feel that tell me your sources right
um I'd love to see them oh you don't have any wait what you mean everything
that you're gonna refer to is gonna be coming through the Septuagint and
alexandrian source an alexandrian source that is our oldest
Source the the maserates yeah diverted the River from when they made
their version Oh over a thousand years later
so where the heck are we we need to stick to the science remember
I told you the cave is dark let's stick to the science let's just look at the name look at the name this name was
existing before long before there's any written Hebrew
um you're not you're really not getting anything from the Hebrew until the second Century A.D
right I mean by then it's over the classical era is over right so what
we're talking about is we're talking about the originals we want to go back we want to see who is Satan who is Satan
and it's not a very long trip we can get there we can get there quite rapidly in
order to do so we're going to start where we ended last time we're going to start at the end of Mark's gospel where
Jesus is going to give them the power
the commission going forth he's going to give it to him and send them out are you ready let's
give it what's he give him uh once again there we go bring it up yeah
yeah these are the things these signs they will follow in my name right they'll
you'll cast out dimonia you'll cast out demons you'll
speak in new languages now get ready for this are you ready I'm going to
translate this with 30 years of ancient Greek are you bring it back up
they will lift up dragons
and drink s of death
and won't be hurt [Music] wow really what a bunch of calls this
right yeah yeah don't worry we are we're we're smack dab in the middle that is what
Christians or as they call them at the time because they didn't call them that yet they call them those who followed
the way are you a follower of the way uh-huh I know the way you know the way
you know the way yeah did you hear Barney got arrested yep something about intercourse with his
mother yep
where's Celsius um before we get to Celsius I want you to see a video
I want you to Vinnie this video and I want you to see
those who use the Venom I want you to see those who are enthusiastic I want you to
see the Ecstasy chewy Lightspeed little children have Act
[Music]
oh my God
foreign [Music]
there to make it all make sense for us so it's one of it wonderful to be in
that French salon just to hang in that space you know there's a you know what I
mean there's a lot of there's a lot of Watchers who will go there right to that Salon
they can see it they can see those fields that they're looking for now
um the woman who was talking about tying up children
priests tying up children and taking an interest in such things
um we have to maintain a professional standard here in our investigation
right so can that be used in a statements like that can that be used in
a trans-dimensional court of law it is you know you it is done is it's a little
bit sloppy yeah yeah the better Cosmic attorneys don't
um you know intoxication is intoxication what can you do if it brings out Bacchus
remember what did he say it brings out what's on the inside
what wait what yeah Bacchus brings out what's on the inside your enthusiasm
your zealotry your ecstasy those bring out
the images for that woman were a tied up child who is pimply and obviously
masturbating that's the image that she's using okay
so for those of you who are sitting on the throne I want you to be able to image
yourselves this right we are seeing the things that are leaking out of her
brain right yeah the Ecstasy fantastic now how what
does that have to do with Satan what does that have to do well first before we make a connection we need to get out
get out the you know the instruments and we need to
bring in the ghost Celsius how you doing bud good to see you I just want you here
for a minute tonight for the folks I want you to give them a little piece of their own times
yeah yeah what are the Christians tell us what are they like are they like ours
tell us what are they like they Babble about God day and night in
their emptiest and sullied way they arouse the awe of the illiterate
with their false descriptions the punishments awaiting those who have sinned thus they behave like the
Guardians of bakic mysteries who never tired of talking about the Phantoms in Terrors that await those who
reveal the secrets to Outsiders foreign
for example that their Messiah will return as a conqueror in the clouds
take that down for a second Jimmy take it down a second I want you to realize that this is what those of you are
bringing the future and the past into the present this is what you have heard
this is what you have heard this is what is in the air
they postulate that their Messiah will return as a conqueror on the clouds and
that he will raise fire upon the Earth in his battle with the princes of the air and it's the whole world with the
exception of believing Christians will be consumed in fire
your neighbors that go to church believe this I don't care what they do if they're
Orthodox they believe this these Orthodox Traditions these
fundamentalist traditions are what come from this source
from this rich evidence and all we got to do is look at the
drugs pull out the drugs and see what they're doing you're gonna go and you're
gonna get a course on the Mysteries are you going to watch YouTube on the Mysteries and as soon as you pay cash
for it it is turned off as soon as you pay cash
for it it is turned off I am going to give you
profane I'm going to profane for you in order to bring the lightning
this very mystery yeah because that's what we know happens
right everybody you know what's really cool is at this point by the end of
season four you and I can talk and for those of you that have ears to hear you'll understand it for those of you
who just tuned in you won't that's a beautiful thing and I thank you
I thank you for giving me that opportunity I thank you for that your neighbors
Celsius wanted me to tell you thanks that's all we need I appreciate it have
a have a good rest of your time buddy um you know this is the way it is your
neighbors This Is How They think this is how insurrections start
this is how governments are overthrown every 150 years wait what did somebody
meet Tom Tom Jefferson came by right and he said look you got to remind them for this
series finale you got to tell them every 150 years this happens
every 150 years uh-huh where have the religious hands been laid
where have the Orthodox hands been laid and I don't care which Orthodox you are
where have your holy of holies laid their hands they have laid their hands
on on the insurrection yeah is this new no do you forget it's
the second century we have laws that we're making you're going to march in and pull stuff down we are a government
of the people and by the people and for the people you cannot do that not on our
watch yeah yeah that
that is the spirit of Christianity
to tear down Christ is coming
to kill you all now what's funny is they play it against each other right because the Christians
you're like you know the Muslims and the Jews are getting it right right
Muslims are like other Christians and Jews are wrong they're getting it right he's gonna show up whoever he is I
guarantee you he's got testicles though he's gonna show up and there's gonna be blood up to the horse right we all know
that look I'm not gonna let me not waste any of your time let's go right back let's go right back to some texts should
we pull up that very next text go ahead yeah okay we saw that I had the English
there for you guys you know if you want to see that commission just so you know I'm not making it up they say if they
drink any deadly thing this is King James um but what King James translators didn't do was read ancient medicine and
if they had they would know that word there is used for a drug that induces a
death State it's a whole class of drugs you can induce a death State I can give you something and walk back in in 15
minutes and you will appear to be a corpse isn't that nice deaf inducing drugs
death inducing drugs some of them they use in surgery yeah makes sense doesn't it wake up you
know catch up come on man we're way behind our people are way behind on this one
right Watchers are like I don't know you may be able to make it but you know it's closing quick get those people over
there right oh God reason reason we got to push the reason okay so here we are here we are with
Celsius now I want to get us our next text yeah
um Satan we're looking at Satan there was a day when sons of God came to present themselves everybody everybody
knows what this is It's job one six they came to present themselves before Lord and Satan also came among them take it
down that's not there you say
oh it is in the version that was made in the 10th Century it is there
but in the original that everybody's quoting it's not there
is Satan's not there nope not there
Okay so um let's keep looking for Satan then
okay his um here's where you see you want to see Satan I give you Satan
people say the only place we have this is the Septuagint right the Old Testament I am a Bible
scholar right yes um watch what happens to the name just
let's do some philology shall we um here's a Septuagint this is I think
it's First Kings 11 and this is verse 14 that I'm looking at and I just want you
to see in verse 14 Kai again Satan
yeah and the Lord curios you can take it down the Lord which is curious which the
10th Century translators who were back translating this Greek
turned into Yahweh
wait you telling me Yahweh is a linguistic invention I'm telling you
hang on let me get it Yahweh is just another way of saying
yeehaw it's an invention
they're using the word curios which is a very very old pre-hebrew Greek term
it goes back 800 years before the very
first scratches of Hebrew show up
so when you tell me Satan is from a Hebrew word that's over 800 years after
the fact I'm gonna tell you you've been reading that Bible that is based on a translation that is over a thousand
years after the fact good job could you not do one thing right
linguistics is that right get it right so where is Satan coming from we bring
up Satan and all his minions here um we don't need that one here I want you to give me uh I want you to give me
this one now okay yeah here we've got so you ask yourself is this
Satan is a Greek translation of something surely its root
can't be found anywhere else oh no oh no look at this list
that's a good one that's my personal favorite I'm gonna show you what that's a drug
that's an antidote see the one on the top this is an antidote
okay um and let's come back to this but I want to show you I want to just take a
break and I want to tell you all my students let's get that get that down all of my
students you know in unit seven of the Intensive Greek course you find in the
notes on the book yeah vocabulary the vocabulary notes you
find a little section on rhetor right on their word for rhetorician right speaker
what does he tell us that word speaker is cognate with the English word
and you say really the word are from the same
word they develop from the same similar the the very same root yes they did and
you say wait a minute where's the W come from in word it's a Dye gamma
Thai camera oh my goodness it's a dive gamma and it's hiding in the row
you hear there's a there's an aspiration the beginning of the word
it really is wur that's really how you say it but by the
time we get it not a Greek it's represented by just an aspirate right an
aspiration rough breathing so what does all that mean
I want to show you a little bit of grammar I know you people love this because you're like you're very nerdy
and like sexy nerdy you know what I mean so I like that I like that
um can you bring up this one this is from a Greek grammar this is from a Greek grammar and I just want you
to notice blow that up big Joy um I just want you to notice under section 129 under dissimulation that's
how right right don't get too like don't get too wound up right show you show us some
self-control here because we're going in right we're going in deep look at look at the a consonant usually rho
usually sometimes disappears okay just stop there take it down
you mean you can have a consonant which is almost always row
disappear yes you can so saturnus
and satanus are the same word yes they are
and we even have proof these words are linked because the dye
gamma stays on the Roman side you see the diagram in the U
saturnus yes isn't that nice
in its oldest form became saturnus right became satanas
and that is the origin of Satan that has not been proposed you will not
find that in any peer-reviewed Journal article perhaps in 10 years
they might get wise and throw it together yeah that's what happened with the chemical
Muse Professor from Brown told me it's going
to take him 10 years to catch up with you I was like I don't have the time bro
yeah I'm going ahead so I got a good head start here
and I'm bringing to you the Revelation tonight
that Judaism and Christianity are mystery religions
that were originally based in the worship of Satan
thank you yeah yeah fantastic
fantastic now what about this name what does it mean we're only halfway there right I mean
um we're more than halfway there but we're only halfway there on the name okay I see how it's Greek older
Mycenaean predating the Hebrew by nearly a thousand years
love it now you know why the Greeks have the name Adam and it doesn't surprise you
and it doesn't mean what you've been told it means because you have been lied to for a thousand years
a thousand years one splinter in the museum boom everything's corrupt
wow it's like you know people ask me what about magic what about magic what about
this if you want real magic go back to the source right yeah what do you mean go back to the
source well as We Know we Sons and Daughters of Venus know
these languages came to us through the hands of the witches
yeah isn't that neat and then you say wait a minute wait a minute I'm starting to smell Rome
in lady Babylon I'm starting to smell Rome in lady Babylon does anybody else
smell rum for those of you who've been so patient
while I've beaten Paul the apostles ghost I want to say thank you and for those of
you who've asked I'll give him one more I'll find one more example to give him to give him a good one but I don't know
why people like why people like that one so much is it I don't know it kind of feels good it's cathartic
you know yeah yeah my drugs
if you could be that Roman soldier would you
right right excellent okay let's keep going um I want to go back to the text let's
uh so we have our word here um I just want you to see this one satoros so here it is with the row and
bring it down to the definition and Alice and I just want you to guys to see here this is
a lewd goddess fellow what I'd lewd godish fellow I don't use the
word lewd anymore at least nobody's been lewd as anybody's
Jewish anybody been lewd to you no I don't think anybody's ever been lured to me at least lately
right so um what is a lewd go back to that definition watch these people never
abandon the science don't don't believe me because I'm wearing something on my head maybe I've got a beard maybe I've
got some staff of magic power you know maybe I've got I'm bald you know with a
bunch of other bald guys who wearing the same color I don't know fuchsia I don't know is that a color maybe we're all
wearing that don't believe me for those reasons go down to the science right we're not here because we're gullible
look at number four on saturos is do you know what entasis is
tension a stretching a straining a force of compulsion
it is what is in Zeus's that cause him to become erect
okay I think I'm getting it it makes sense why satorian
that is used by those who follow saturnas or satanas
that turian is used to get me into the state where I am tense with respect to
Aphrodite and sure enough we have ancient depictions of this
right we have ancient depictions of this apparently it's quite it's quite a it's
quite the deal but in order to be a Seder now you're going to recognize the seders
in order to be a Seder you have to have you have to have that Son of God power
you have to yeah it doesn't matter if your
initiation involves a boy or a girl you still have to have that power
that is the sign that you are following in the Kingdom of Satan
you're on that throne a few months ago everybody here we all
had the privilege of looking at a recipe parts of a recipe by a physician of
neroes and it was a net it was a recipe for atheriac one of these religious
antidotes compound antidotes that they're using and cult right in Ritu in right and we
had the privilege of seeing that a part of something called the orphic Vox
is which is this language it's a coded language written on the back of a text
using words like mini throne to represent many drugged
we saw that many throned was used for the steriac it was a way of
referring to the communion substance it is also a way of referring if the
title is used again Cersei
who yeah who enters into Union
with crony and Zeus yeah of the waters the Waters of
creation yeah you like that you thought that Waters of creation you thought that was
yeah
Alaskan for any Egyptian anything appeared pulaskians were doing
it we get the rich are coming through them people and Prometheus was an idiot
wait what that's what they thought yeah he was the bad example yeah welcome to
your own stupidity it said know yourself on the door when you came in
oh my goodness don't you love it don't you love it we can route we can just
roll in this stuff I love it I love it okay I want to see if we have any more uh on the text the last text there right
there give me that one here here we have um citarian right the plant that excited
lust yeah there you go or a drink prepared from it
right because that's what they'll do they'll call the drink the same thing as the plant right give me some Hemlock did
you know they drank hemlock for recreation yeah puts you into a psychotic State
before it kills you isn't that nice
so these death-bringing drugs are pretty important it's a whole class it's a whole class of drugs and when
Jesus says that his people should be entering into this right
whereby they are able to be immune to serpents and to drink
Death Bringers and not die why people scientifically why how can
this possibly be unless people like Paul are immune to these venoms
have built up an immunity to these Venoms and again don't think right this
is all being administered in sex rights so this isn't you know your person
taking a little Venom every once in a while exposing themselves to it this is a right where you're gonna have the
stuff um boosted up your backside right you're
gonna get a sudden big bolus of it right this is fraternity
right type ecstasy yeah so fantastic
fantastic okay I want to just end with um if I can get one more time this list
I just want people to notice that on this list we have the goat
and we have saturnus do you know what saturnus does he gives
you the ability to enter into that sexual
right he gives you that ability so that when you are sitting imagine that woman
sitting she was sitting there thinking there are little boys and there are little girls
in their rooms with pimply faces and where does she go you can tie their
hands you can you can what you can tie their
hands Chewie play that again let the people see this please
[Music]
foreign
the beginning of the ending this is where we are I'm proposing to
you that what you're looking at the Mania is
where we are yeah where we are not in time because
we're at the same place the Romans were in the first and second centuries yeah we're at that place
we should be able if this initiation if this satanic initiation is legitimate
we should be able to bring you the future
we should be able to show you her face
so that you could create a picture or write a an epistle to your friend
exclaiming the virtues of this future we should be able to do that we should
be able to tell every square inch of her we should be able to give you the vision
if this is true satanic initiation we should be able to see the future
thank you for coming this season Zane Campbell is currently writing a
song about Jesus and the naked boy and we are waiting Zane is gracious allowing
me to use his work and now I just can't tell you how happy I am that
um that a great artist would consider you know
um working on the subject and bringing us something so I'm very much looking forward to that
we will we will return in a week with season five
and um it's planned already for us to have three more seasons and we will come to a
return that people can say ah okay I see it makes sense why it was happening
thank you very much we'll get highlights real out I'm I'm very appreciative of
your time and again I encourage you I encourage you
don't listen to anybody don't listen to anybody go to the go to
the evidence and decide for yourself open your eyes right open your eyes
here's the tension hail Satan drinking whiskey
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]